Great Change
ring
A sick cat is always a sick cat
You can't become a tiger even if you roar
Yaner actually lost
How is that possible?
It's fucking possible.
This group of women
How did he do it all?
He won! He won!
I am one of them.
Lin Yan, I said
I will make you pay with blood
Hahaha stinky woman
I have a guarantee order card given by my ancestors the day after tomorrow.
It's not that easy to kill me
Ning Aoxue, I am a real dragon
It is more popular with the contemporary immortals of Qingyun Sword Sect
Haotian Ancestor is waiting for my return in the play
I will surely destroy you
Hahahaha
Hehehe
drill
Ancestral position
You've had it for a long time
It's time.
It's my turn.
A good disciple goes up to Biluo and down to Huangquan
It's up to you to figure it out
Lin Batian is not upright
injustice
Overthrow the position of patriarch
From today onwards
I, Lin Aoxue, am the new head of the Lin family
From Now On
Gender equality
Everyone can practice
I have just opened up the path of cultivation for you
Don't slack off in your future practice
Team Leader Xie
Lin Yan will definitely seek the protection of Situ Haotian
And after slashing the devil in the previous life
My body dissipates
Cultivation is divided into three
I have taken back the first cultivation base
As for the second one, it is in Zhu Jinjian
Just take it back
I can kill Situ Haotian and Lin Yan together
Zhu Xianjian, I found you
Come on.
Today is the annual apprenticeship of Qingyun Sword Sect
The conference should not be missed
Qingyun Sword Sect's apprenticeship is interesting
My current strength is not enough to defeat Situ Hao
God
Or easy to integrate and make progress first
Don't scare the snake